# Web-Tech-Project-by-Sanyam-Harshit-and-Vineeth
A project on Covid-19 for India

Project Description:

In this project we are building a web-site that gives the overview on novel Corona Virus Disease. The COVID-19 pandemic in India is a part of the worldwide pandemic of coronavirus disease (COVID-19) caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2). First one has to login to open our website, this we have done for safety and genuine purpose. We have shown all the symptoms which can cause this. It tells us what guidelines to follow to stay safe under this pandemic situation. Other than this in this project we have also used Indian map that gives us the count of active and dead corona virus patients in every state. Though vaccines are available everywhere but this disease has not been over yet. We have shown all kind of vaccines available in india. This website also has some various blogs related to this which can help one to understand better about this. Other than that, to make website more beautiful we have used proper color selection which soothes the eyes. We have also used css to make cards to display the information on hovering over it, which makes it not completely static. In the footer section, we have given copyright symbol which proves this is our own website. 
Our project aims at creating an awareness for health and how to get save from this disastrous disease. People can get a lot of information about everything related to this through our project. Clear instructions are made all over the page just to make it more informative and all from the trusted sources. Enough links of blogs has been provided to get the more information and instructions.
